Date:   May 14 2012

In the commits
    4254f88a2a816aa81e2d68e73348354814363960  (most of this list, not marked)
    45582416016079de1ccf0988c1ce58e20fd0ece2  (marked with [A])
a lot of obsolete code was removed from our source tree. This file lists the
removed plugins, why they were removed and why you might want to resurrect the
code if you are interested in working on the features these plugins used to
provide.

The easiest way to get the source code is to check out the calligra/2.4 branch,
which is the last release that included this code.


Filters:

    generic_wrapper (a filter that could use a python or perl script to do the
    filtering)  [A]
    xsltfilter (need Qt3 support, unmaintained since 2003)  [A]


    karbon:

    Karbon had a number of filters that were never ported when Calligra was
    ported to Qt4

      ai - adobe illustrator
      kontour - the old kontour application from KOffice 1.1
      xcf - gimp
      msod - microsoft draw (this is also the only filter that used the sub-filter 
         feature of KoFilterManager)
      oodraw -- open office draw, obsoleted by ODF

    kchart:

       svg (needs Qt3 support)

    kformula:

       entire set of filters, none have been build since 2006.

    stage:

      These filters had not been built since Calligra was ported to Qt 4.

      svg
      genericimageexport
      words - kword import filter
      ooimpress - open office impress, obsoleted by ODP
      magicpoint - windows presentation application
      kpr - old kpresenter format, obsoleted by kprodp
      ooppt -- use open office to import powerpoint

    words:

      Words is seen as a new development instead of a continuation of the
      old kword application. It no longer supports the kword file format.
      However, many of the filters converted to and from kwd, instead of odt.

      These filters might be useful as reference material for whoever wants
      to implement support for these file formats. However, the actual code
      is often very old and need constant updates to keep it compiling with
      newer compiler versions

       mswrite
       html - obsoleted by html-odf
       latex
       amipro
       docbook
       kword1.3
       oowriter
       palmdoc
       wml
       abiword
       rtf export
       libexport - not longer used by anything  [A]

    Plugins:

       mapshape -- shape that embeds marble. This plugin could be interesting
         to resurrect, however, the plugin as it stands was very buggy and
         unmaintained.
       paragraphtool -- a great idea: on canvas manipulation of parapraph properties.
         However, the author had no time for maintenance and the code did no
         longer compile.
       reporting/shape -- unfinished feature, it should be developed in a branch,
         not in git master.
       scan -- integration with scanner hardware for Krita and Stage, but it no longer
         worked.
       treeshape -- was never finished and the gsoc student went on to work on other
         parts of KDE.

    Tools:

        Calligra Mobile and koabstraction: the QWidget-based mobile gui for Calligra.
          Obsoleted by the work on Calligra Active and the demise of the Fremantle 
          platform.
        kthesaurus -- unmaintained since 2002

    Krita:

        colorspaces/lms_f32 -- not compiled for a long time now
        extensions/backgrounds -- was unfinished
        extensions/bracketing2hdr -- commented out for a long time
        extensions/scripting -- not maintained (my fault!) since 2006
        extensions/extensionsmanager -- unfinished
        extensions/tonemapping -- broken
        extensions/painterlyframework -- unmaintained. This should be resurrected
           at one point since it is the only free software that can do real color
           mixing. However, artists don't actually want the feature, it seems.
        extensions/together -- looks like an unimplemented stub
        filters/bumpmap -- we've got phong bumpmap now
        tools/tool_curves -- good ideas, but not ported in 2006. A good starting
           point for implementing a magnetic selection tool, though
        tools/tool_star -- too simple for our intended userbase
