Status overview of the KOffice manuals
--------------------------------------

General goal for KOffice 2.0: all applications should have up-to-date and
feature-complete manuals.

- The user interfaces should be fully described (toolbars, menus, etc.) and
  the screenshots should match the actual looks and be consistent in style and
  presentation. A consistent way of describing the menu entries would be very
  nice as well.

- Common tasks should be described in a clear way, where needed using a how-to
  or tutorial like approach.

- Technical information should be separated from actual user information.
  Whether we should put developer stuff in a separate handbook or just remove
  it from the manuals completely is an open question for me at this point.

- Especially for the larger applications: we should take a look at other
  manuals and their tables of contents to see what information is included and
  how they present it. A good theft is better than a bad idea, after all...

The list of maintainers should be kept up-to-date at the KOffice "get
involved" documentation page: http://koffice.org/getinvolved/doc-writers.php

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

KOffice - general

Too technical - basically a complete rewrite is needed. More focus on the
common interface and on the component system, less on the technicalities
(don't mention KPart!). General configuration options may be included, but on
the UI level only. This depends on the 2.0 user interface though. Perhaps even
remove this part and combine the useful information with KOShell?

KOShell (KOffice workspace)

Update for 2.0 interface - this goes for all parts, let's just mention it
here. The "Under the hood" section should be moved to developer documentation,
the rest seems to be fine.

KWord

The introduction and the Fundamentals should be restyled.
Most of the appendices, but also some other sections, are pretty much
outdated. (1.3!)

KSpread

Not much additional remarks.

KPresenter

Some stuff is outdated (1.3!). Apart from the Menu/Toolbar items chapter,
there are almost no screenshots and only very little actual text.
It's also questionable if we should include tips on how you should do
presentations. If so, it ought to be an appendix, not a running chapter.

Kexi

See http://kexi.pl/doc/pl/contents.html for the Polish version of the
documentation. This seems pretty well written to me.

Kivio

Screenshots are missing, a toolbars and menus description should be added.

Karbon14

Easy: no documentation at all.

Krita

Running text (descriptive chapters) is still to be added.

KPlato

Text on how to use the program is missing: the only chapters available deal
with terminology and the menus/dialogs.

KChart

Fairly complete.

KFormula

Fairly complete.

Kugar

Will apparently be removed from KOffice in the future.

